
Home » Blogs

Is Google Ads Worth It? Yes, And Here Are 5 Reasons Why!
Posted on January 15, 2024 by ayesha
Although some may be deterred by the “paid” aspect of Google Ads, it is a worthwhile investment for many businesses. Whether your goals are to increase revenue, grow brand awareness, or generate leads, Google Ads can generate quick and effective results for your business.

In fact, Google Ads is one of the most pioneering and powerful PPC platforms available. Below, explore 5 reasons why Google Ads is worth it for your business.

Google Ads is an unparalleled tool
Continue reading


What Do PPC Management Companies Do?
Posted on January 15, 2024 by ayesha
What Does a PPC Management Company Do?
PPC management companies oversee the online paid advertising efforts of their clients. For those unfamiliar with the term, PPC stands for pay-per-click and encompasses a broad range of digital ad formats, from the search ads you see at the top of Google to video ads you see on YouTube.

It’s a PPC company’s job to manage online ad campaigns for different clients, making sure the right ads show to the right people at the right time, within a given budget.

Furthermore, by implementing conversion tracking to attribute phone and web leads to your PPC campaigns, and analyzing data relevant to your goals, PPC management companies can prove marketing ROI.

Every PPC company will approach account management differently. For example, some agencies may specialize in one platform like Google Ads or Facebook, while others manage ads in multiple platforms. Some companies may be more hands-on with account management, while others rely more on a platform’s machine learning to take the lead on changes and optimizations.

 

In the end, a company’s approach depends on their capabilities and resources, plus the needs of the businesses they serve. Nevertheless, while approaches can vary, all PPC companies provide the same overall service of managing online paid advertising campaigns.

Below, take a closer look at the responsibilities of a PPC management company, which fall into three overarching categories:

Setup
Reporting
Optimization
For more details visit- www.digitalayesha.in
